Documents Auth Provider Specific Integration incl. Netlify Identity (#305)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/authentication.md

Essentially, a role is a collection of permissions that you can apply to users. A role might be "admin", "editor" or "publisher". This differs from permissions an example of which might be "publish:blog".

#### App metadata

Netlify Identity stores information (such as, support plan subscriptions, security roles, or access control groups) in "App metadata". Data stored in `app_metadata` cannot be edited by users.

Create and manage roles for your application in Netlify's "Identity" management views. You can then assign these roles to users.

#### Add Application hasRole Support

If you intend to support, RBAC then in your `api/src/lib/auth.js` you need to extract `roles` using the `parseJWT` utility and set these roles on `currentUser`.

Netlify will store the user's roles on the `app_metadata` claim and the `parseJWT` function provides an option to extract the roles so they can be assigned to the `currentUser`.

For example:

```js
// api/src/lib/auth.js`
export const getCurrentUser = async (decoded) => {
  return context.currentUser || { ...decoded, roles: parseJWT({ decoded }).roles }
}
```

> Now your `currentUser.roles` info will be availble to both `requireAuth()` on teh api side and `hasRole()` on the web side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now your `currentUser.roles` info will be available to both `requireAuth()` on the api side and `hasRole()` on the web side.
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed typos and squashed commits.
